---
title: "Flutter Multiple commands produce issue"
date: 2019-12-15 21:09:13 -0400
---



error: Multiple commands produce '/blahblah/build/ios/Debug-iphonesimulator/Runner.app/Frameworks/Flutter.framework':
    1) Target 'Runner' has copy command from '/blahblah/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework' to '/blahblah/build/ios/Debug-iphonesimulator/Runner.app/Frameworks/Flutter.framework'
    2) That command depends on command in Target 'Runner': script phase “[CP] Embed Pods Frameworks”
    note: Using new build systemnote: Planning buildnote: Constructing build descriptionwarning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'GoogleDataTransport' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'FirebaseABTesting' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'cloud_firestore' from project 'Pods')warning: The use of Swift 3 @objc inference in Swift 4 mode is deprecated. Please address deprecated @objc inference warnings, test your code with “Use of deprecated Swift 3 @objc inference” logging enabled, and then disable inference by changing the "Swift 3 @objc Inference" build setting to "Default" for the "Runner" target. (in target 'Runner' from project 'Runner')warning: duplicate output file '/Users/sys/Dev/Flutter/muckplace/muckplace/build/ios/Debug-iphonesimulator/Runner.app/Frameworks/Flutter.framework' on task: PhaseScriptExecution [CP] Embed Pods Frameworks /Users/sys/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/Runner-bcwdwudllaesweesbcbatlsvayty/Build/Intermediates.noindex/Runner.build/Debug-iphonesimulator/Runner.build/Script-1AC7D8E1D46A29017B024E17.sh (in target 'Runner' from project 'Runner')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'FirebaseRemoteConfig' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'GoogleDataTransportCCTSupport' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'google_maps_flutter' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'location_permissions' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'firebase_analytics' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'FirebaseCore' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'FirebaseInstanceID' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'firebase_remote_config' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'firebase_core' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'FirebaseCoreDiagnostics' from project 'Pods')warning: Skipping code signing because the target does not have an Info.plist file and one is not being generated automatically. (in target 'FirebaseFirestore' from project 'Pods')


1) 이슈 해결 방법
XCode 를 실행후 Build Phases - Embeded Frameworks
Flutter.framework 삭제



